feat(normal): add line (`l`) text objects (#39845)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/motion.txt

			is also a paragraph boundary.
			When used in Visual mode it is made linewise.

							*v_al* *al*
al			"all lines", select the whole buffer.
			When used in Visual mode it is made linewise.

							*v_il* *il*
il			"inner line", select the current line without leading
			or trailing white space.  The line break is not

> 			included.  Fails on a blank or white-space-only line.

Reviewer: does "line break" mean EOL here? that is not really how vim docs would say it. elsewhere in this file it mentions `End-of-line` or `<EOL>`. 

But I'd suggest not mentioning this at all, since it's [understood](https://github.com/barrettruth/neovim/blob/b44c2bdd16226f6caa5324d91f1ae9781ffdc12b/runtime/doc/motion.txt#L528-L531) for `i` textobjects, and it's also redundant with the preceding sentence ("without whitespace").

```suggestion
il			"inner line", select the current line without leading
			or trailing white space.  Fails on a blank or white-space-only line.
```

Author: done

			When used in Visual mode it selects the line under the

> 			cursor and switches to Visual charwise mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			cursor and switches to charwise Visual mode.
```
